README.md, before:

# Trackgenix 🚀​

>“TRACKGENIX” is a revolutionary system designed for GigaTech Software Solutions SA. 
This system will allow them to efficiently manage their proyects, schedule flow,
selected work teams and much more.

# Project 📑​

This project is part of the bootcamp "Become a Software Professional" of Radium Rocket. August 2022

# How to Open ​ 📂​

```bash
1- In GitHub repository open the folder "Semana-01"
2- Open the file Index.html on your browser
```
# Webside 🔎​

Here you can see the webside, using GitHub Pages!


> https://lucianofranchino.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html

# Cloning Repo 📥
If you want to work or download this project:

1- On GitHub.com, visit the repositorys home page.

2- Above the list of files, click Code.

3- Copy the repository URL.

4- Open GitBash

5- Change the current working directory to the location where you want to clone the directory.

6- Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied earlier.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
```
7- Press Enter

# Technology 💻​

In the develope of “TRACKGENIX” we use a lot of technology: 
>We will add more as we use new apps


| Aplication | LINK |
| ------ | ------ |
| Figma | https://www.figma.com |
| GitHub | https://github.com |
| Git | https://git-scm.com |
| Visual Code | https://code.visualstudio.com|


# Workflow

## Week 1 📅​

We create the web screenflow in figma.
We divide the work in groups and by roles on the page such as: 
- Admin
- Super-Admin
- Employee
- Employee PM (Project Manager)
- Landing

```
I work whit my teammates in Admin and Super-Admin screens
````
***
## Week 2 📅​

The problem of week 02 consists of creating an HTML document that has the same content as the landing of the screenflow of the first week, respecting the semantic elements of HTML and saving the progress in a public Github repository.

```
The work done can be seen in the file "index.html"
```

***
## Week 3 📅​

The problem of week 03 consists of including the styles corresponding to the HTML structure of week 02 to achieve that when viewing the page.
The landing has to be visualized as accurately as possible to the one designed in figma, even with their respective functions.

```
The work done can be seen in the file "style.css"
```

***
## Week 4 📅​

For the week 04 we had to replicate the landing page of the screenflow of week 01 using Flexbox as the main tool for the creation of a Responsive Design following the concept of Mobile First.

To work on the css we had to split the sections into different files respectively to style them. For example main.css, footer.css or aside.css.


## Week 5 📅​

## Week 6 📅​

## Week 7 📅​

## Week 8 📅​

## Week 9 📅​

## Week 10 📅​

## Week 11 📅​

## Week 12 📅​

## Week 13 📅​

## Week 14 📅​

## Week 15 📅​
***
*Made by Luciano Franchino*

Commit message:

BaSP-W05-2022: ex06 functions and README

README.md, after:

# Trackgenix 🚀​

>“TRACKGENIX” is a revolutionary system designed for GigaTech Software Solutions SA. 
This system will allow them to efficiently manage their proyects, schedule flow,
selected work teams and much more.

# Project 📑​

This project is part of the bootcamp "Become a Software Professional" of Radium Rocket. August 2022

# How to Open ​ 📂​

```bash
1- In GitHub repository open the folder "Semana-01"
2- Open the file Index.html on your browser
```
# Webside 🔎​

Here you can see the webside, using GitHub Pages!


> https://lucianofranchino.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html
> https://lucianofranchino.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html

# Cloning Repo 📥
If you want to work or download this project:

1- On GitHub.com, visit the repositorys home page.

2- Above the list of files, click Code.

3- Copy the repository URL.

4- Open GitBash

5- Change the current working directory to the location where you want to clone the directory.

6- Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied earlier.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
```
7- Press Enter

# Technology 💻​

In the develope of “TRACKGENIX” we use a lot of technology: 
>We will add more as we use new apps


| Aplication | LINK |
| ------ | ------ |
| Figma | https://www.figma.com |
| GitHub | https://github.com |
| Git | https://git-scm.com |
| Visual Code | https://code.visualstudio.com|


# Workflow

## Week 1 📅​

We create the web screenflow in figma.
We divide the work in groups and by roles on the page such as: 
- Admin
- Super-Admin
- Employee
- Employee PM (Project Manager)
- Landing

```
I work whit my teammates in Admin and Super-Admin screens
````
***
## Week 2 📅​

The problem of week 02 consists of creating an HTML document that has the same content as the landing of the screenflow of the first week, respecting the semantic elements of HTML and saving the progress in a public Github repository.

```
The work done can be seen in the file "index.html"
```

***
## Week 3 📅​

The problem of week 03 consists of including the styles corresponding to the HTML structure of week 02 to achieve that when viewing the page.
The landing has to be visualized as accurately as possible to the one designed in figma, even with their respective functions.

```
The work done can be seen in the file "style.css"
```

***
## Week 4 📅​

For the week 04 we had to replicate the landing page of the screenflow of week 01 using Flexbox as the main tool for the creation of a Responsive Design following the concept of Mobile First.

To work on the css we had to split the sections into different files respectively to style them. For example main.css, footer.css or aside.css.

***
## Week 5 📅​

In this week we start learn and use JavaScript. The activity was that we had to improve what was done in week four with the corrections they gave us.
Secondly, they gave us a series of exercises to solve in javascript, applying what was learned in class and with the material. All Javascript files must be linked to the “index.html” file through the <script> tag. The structure of the new folder should look like this:

index.html
exercises/
    -01_variables_and_operators.js
    -02_strings.js
    -03_arrays.js
    -04_if_else.js
    -05_for.js
    -06_functions.js

### The page i work on

> https://lucianofranchino.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html

***
## Week 6 📅​

## Week 7 📅​

## Week 8 📅​

## Week 9 📅​

## Week 10 📅​

## Week 11 📅​

## Week 12 📅​

## Week 13 📅​

## Week 14 📅​

## Week 15 📅​
***
*Made by Luciano Franchino*
